In this video, we're going to take a look
at our application here as it is running.
There's a couple broken links that I
want to address. I'm going to try to mimic.
You deploy an application and users come
up and said, "Hey, when I come here and
click on veterinarian's we get an error
page, and if I click on find owners,
also get an error page, along with
the oops." These are all things that we
want to implement but let's make this a
little more user-friendly. The
veterinarians, we can actually fix but
we have not added a search form for find
owners yet, so that's something that it's
going to be coming up, and then we also
want to do add in some error handling
into Spring MVC. Also something coming up.
But let's handle this a little bit more
gracefully. Let's come into our list of
issues here.
I'm going to create a new issue.
So I'm going to say menu links are
broken and we could do something like
find owners
list vets and
so do something like that. Go ahead
and submit that. Submit the new issue. I might
actually going to call it
a bug.
So we can see that I've labeled it is a
bug. It's not working. I'll assign
that to me so we're going to be working on
issue number 45. This here is kind of
typical. If you're working in an
enterprise, you're going to get a ticket.
Sometimes they're pretty cryptic from
your users. But here, I'm just kind
of showing you a workflow where somebody
submitted a ticket saying that we do
have a bug.
Obviously these are problems. I'm not
going to fix everything right now, but let's
go through this and implement something
that's a little more nicer. So if we come
up to find owners, we don't want this
generic error page so we're saying 404.
Let's do something a little bit nicer
here so we're going to go to owners find
and let's come in here back to IntelliJ.
We can close, collapse the data, and
I'm going to minimize this a little bit
down here.
So here's our web
and bring up templates, I'm going to do a
new template.
HTML file
I'm just going to put in a
placeholder there. Let's come in and just
do h2.
I'm just going to put a little place
over here. Not implemented yet.
Get rid of that. We don't need that space
there.
Debu over so that gives us our template
and let's make this an actual Thymeleaf
template.
th text
So I'm just adding in a... let's make that
yet
like so. We'll add in some text. Want to make sure...
so that's going part of the message file but
that's okay. Let's go ahead and double
check that. Oh, I need to do single quotes
around that for static text.
So now, Thymeleaf will evaluate that and
bring back that text line
so now we need to actually map that.
For this guy here, we want owners find.
Let's come in here. We have our
controllers. We don't have a specific
controller for that. But this is going to
be to the owners so we can bring up the
owners controller and see that we have
owners here. Let's come down here. Let's
say @RequestMapping.
Again, I'm going to do a slash find.
Remember, we're just doing find with no
trailing slash, so that's going to be
fine.
We'll implement this functionality
in an upcoming video. We're just adding
in a placeholder right now. What we
want to do is return
like so, so return "not implemented".
Double-check my spelling. I think I
spelled right. I should be able to just
do a build here that will redeploy the
templates.
I do have Spring Boot Dev Tools
running. Obviously, I made a change to
the OwnerController class so it caused
a redeploy. Let's come back over here and
we should just be able to refresh this,
and now we can see that we are getting
the not implemented yet which is exactly
what we wanted.
That is now working so I can come here
and find owners not implemented
and then let's add in the error. We want
this oups, so let's go ahead and do that.
Usually, I can overload this controller
here. I'll just add in the @Request
Mapping so I'll do this comma
oups.
That updates the mapping to that. Add
slash like that. Either one of these
paths are going to go so we going to go, "Oop, I'm
sorry. I can't do that because we do have
owners there." So that is not going to
work. Let's undo that.
I've set up this RequestMapping here so
it's going to go slash owners so if I
did that it be owners oups, so I'm not
what we want. That would not work for us.
What we can do is, let's see
here. I'm just going come here, copy that
over to IndexController.
I'm just going to call it an ooops method.
I may spelled oups differently. I did
so let's copy that
and just call it an oups handler. So now,
that should work better. That will take
care of that one. So let's come in here.
Build the project. By building it, that
is going to Spring Boot to
reinitialize it.
Let's come back over here and
refresh this. We should see that not
implemented, exactly what we wanted,
and then finally, the veterinarian's. You
can see the vets.html. I
have two options here. What I could
do is I could change the template to
route to just vets or I can change the
controller to handle vets.html and
I'm going to do the latter. I think
that just gives us a little more
flexibility as far as the application
goes, so let's come over here to our
VetController. We can see
here, we've got several different paths
that we'll take but we don't have the
vets.html so let's go ahead and add
that.
It does vets.html and that is off
the route.
You can see here that I did not do a
RequestMapping at the top so all these
here are going to be functioning off the
route path, which is exactly what we want.
So now, I've overloaded this list of vets
function or I should say method. It's
going to work off of slash vets slash
vets index slash vets index dot HTML slash
vets dot HTML. We're going to have
several methods here that'll work. Maybe
not a good specific use case, but I'm
just also trying to show you the
versatility that we have in setting up
or custom mapping, so I go ahead and
trigger a build here that which calls
redeploy. If you're paying attention,
I don't have the automatic
redeploy working. I need to tweak my
compiler settings on IntelliJ so it will
automatically rebuild upon changes so I
wouldn't have to click on build. So let's
go ahead and do that. So now, that is
working, so home works, find owner not
implemented yet, veterinarians that is
working now, and then, not implemented yet.
If I wanted to, does not implement a
page, I could actually style that with
our default styling. Maybe that'd be
something nice to do. But for right now,
we're going to be replacing that so I'm not
going to worry about that at this point in
time. I think this is just fine. We have
an application under development, so that
go in there,
if end-user a tester or something clicks
on this link, you could say, "Hey, yeah
we're playing on this functionality. It's
just not up on there yet. " I am going
to call this good enough for now.
That was menu links broken issue
number 45, so let's go out. Go and close
out this bug ticket.
And say...
like that, like so, and then I do a
commitment and push, and that will close out
the issue.